1.	What is REST.
	REST is web standards based architecture. and uses HTTP Protocol for data communication. It revolves around resource where every component is a resource 
	and a resource is accessed by a common interface using HTTP standard methods

2.	What is Web Services.
	A web service is a collection of open protocols and standards used for exchanging data between applications or systems.
	Software applications written in various programming languages and running on various platforms can use web services to exchange data over computer networks 
	like the Internet in a manner similar to inter-process communication on a single computer.

3.	What is RESTful Web Services.
	REST is used to build Web services that are lightweight, maintainable, and scalable in nature. A service which is built on the REST architecture is called a RESTful service.
	In REST Architecture everything is Resource. 
	
	These web services use HTTP methods to implement the concept of REST architecture.
	this shridhara  NK
	A RESTful web service usually defines a URI, Uniform Resource Identifier a service, provides resource representation such as JSON and set of HTTP Methods.
	
4.	What is a Resource in REST.
	REST architecture treats every content as a resource. These resources can be text files, html pages, images, videos or dynamic business data.
	
5.	The key elements of a RESTful implementation.
	Resources – The first key element is the resource itself. Let assume that a web application on a server has records of several employees. 
				Let's assume the URL of the web application is http://demo.guru99.com. Now in order to access an employee record resource via REST, 
				one can issue the command http://demo.guru99.com/employee/1 - This command tells the web server to please provide the details of the employee whose employee number is 1.
	Request Verbs - These describe what you want to do with the resource. A browser issues a GET verb to instruct the endpoint it wants to get data. 
					However, there are many other verbs available including things like POST, PUT, and DELETE. So in the case of the example http://demo.guru99.com/employee/1 , 
					the web browser is actually issuing a GET Verb because it wants to get the details of the employee record.
	Request Headers – These are additional instructions sent with the request. These might define the type of response required or the authorization details.
	Added extra lines at the bottom of the page.